README.md, before:

# OctoPrint-EEPROM-Marlin

This plugin is designed to get, change and save the values in the EEPROM of your Marlin Firmware based Machine.

## Setup

Install manually using this URL:

    https://github.com/cp2004/OctoPrint-EEPROM-Marlin/archive/master.zip



## Firmware requirements

This plugin requires that you have **both** these items in Marlin's `Configuration.h` file:

* `#define EEPROM_CHITCHAT`
* `//#define DISABLE_M503`

In other words, `EEPROM_CHITCHAT` and the M503 command must be enabled - comment out disabling it.


## COMING SOON

A complete re-write of this plugin is in the works. When it is ready for inital testing I'll be looking for willing beta-testers. If you're interested, let me know!

Featuring:
* Python processing & storage, eliminating performance issues in the UI.
* Storage of data on the OctoPrint server, so it can be viewed while the printer is disconnected or printing.
* Brand new UI, written from the ground up.
* All-new backup feature, allowing naming and storing of backups, so you can quickly swap between profiles and more.
* More optimisations and features may sneak in, stay tuned!

Commit message:

:pencil2: Guidance for installing the release candidate

README.md, after:

# OctoPrint-EEPROM-Marlin

This plugin is designed to get, change and save the values in the EEPROM of your Marlin Firmware based Machine.

---

# Installing the release candidate:
:tada: There is a new major version of this plugin available, currently in RC phase.

It would be great if you could test it, directions for install can be found below.

:warning: This is a pre-release version of Marlin EEPROM Editor :warning: 
You should only run this if you are OK with things not working perfectly. I have extensively tested this, but this is what RC phases are for, to pick up on bugs before the wider roll out. **It should not break anything to install it**, it just won't work itself.

Install using the following URL in OctoPrint's plugin manager > get more > ...from URL:
```
https://github.com/cp2004/OctoPrint-EEPROM-Marlin/archive/3.0.0r3.zip
```
Once that is installed (and in OP 1.5.0+) you will be able to select 'release candidate' as the release channel (under 'Software Update'), to get future RC updates automatically:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31997505/102026390-722e7200-3d95-11eb-80e1-05197b9868f0.png)

For a full overview of the features that have gone into this release, please read the [release notes](https://github.com/cp2004/OctoPrint-EEPROM-Marlin/releases/tag/3.0.0rc1)

---

## Setup

Install manually using this URL:

    https://github.com/cp2004/OctoPrint-EEPROM-Marlin/archive/master.zip



## Firmware requirements

This plugin requires that you have **both** these items in Marlin's `Configuration.h` file:

* `#define EEPROM_CHITCHAT`
* `//#define DISABLE_M503`

In other words, `EEPROM_CHITCHAT` and the M503 command must be enabled - comment out disabling it.
